no, no
and that's where the check is a more
a video for people a video where they go
bring you this game called
twitch cheese
what others at showtec beck where
You go on an old quebec kicking game.
it's those who had finger where you go
have to control the skateboard here with
saints your finger is seeing these
brands are model passing and doing
maneuvers
this is the main idea of ​​the creation of
good game the game it is free in the
google play with an excellent very light
it is weighing about 20 megabytes
It is a very light game with very
errou also offers a
The template for you who wants to download is him
the way my stuff is good is good
The difference in the mold is that it goes
already start with 20,000 tec credits not
had credit and checks which is the
play money and you will get some
options like slow motion that you are
when he makes a maneuver he gets
slow motion is watching and you're going to have to
another track also and will have 20 thousand
nurseries ie is to buy
Good game missions initially when
You lower it, you'll have to do it.
five will get not if you want to do
You'll have to do this tutorial that
are the five maneuvers not exactly with
maneuvers 15 the request because they do
professional behind another skate you
make an eye for you to get
a handrail that they will give you the
tips is the game is excellent is the problem
it is precisely this fact of having to
buy things but I advise
you buy do not download in a mold
because if you can buy it clear
because it's worth more for you
is helping the gaming industry there
to grow by encouraging the work of
Guys too, I'll show you.
there are others that this park has
What is this tram? It's too much.
good really good
I would say that even better than the other
consider the other one better than yours
You will surely like hell this
game that it is really very good that
There is very little video of the Brazilian.
left to come game on youtube they are a
little old this game is not from now on
who have released and have very little video
I decided to bring this video here to
you
play it and you will score points
when you do some maneuvers and
you can activate and deactivate for example
I'll make the eye here appear on the screen.
it was meant to be
There appeared the eye when you do.
some new ones she'll tell you how
work you did
Of course, it is not exactly
perfect for sure a few hours he
go and go and talk about some maneuvers that
You did not appear on the screen but you
does one show maneuver another but is
very rare to occur normally there is
certain maneuvers that you do sometimes
You make a crazy maneuver , okay?
wanting to fall to try to control and
to make a maneuver looks like it's not for him
There is a lot of that sense.
the physics of the game is not the best
It's also very good, but so much
twig has a physics until good
relatively good is not excellent but it is
good is people are well made do not have
much bug
I did not find at least one blog
I was playing, have another sim.
nothing that will disrupt the game and that
will finally take nothing back as soon as
mess up the game a lot
overall the game very good advice you guys
descend
It's the tip here for you guys, you want to get
railing learn to pick up in the game and that I
I was very tempted, and you're caught before
nor slowly to the railing and
then jumps and picks up his brother just like that
getting the hang me fast you can
to pick up anyway you will not
getting because really well
complicated to pick up with 15
start and then get the hang of it
especially with the goal the team goes
help you a lot on this track she is
the best of the game that has
Only it will have two clues, not you.
will have to buy other clues
if you want to buy it it's worth
of 2 reais and nine cents
so it's not very expensive and that's it
people do not have much more to say
about the game only you guys are there
same
If you tried, sorry, there's something
it is important to customize the
skateboard you have to change what to put
drawing that in his sandpaper and how do
them on a deck or on the game page
of the shape the way you call
You shape it as you put it.
You can take the picture, it's not
game you can take any picture a
picture of you and you will put on the list in
shape has like put in the back
sheik
but it's just that game is great to
county very much you think it is
very good I consider the best game of
skateboard that has for android
If you want to let me go
show the three best games I have
I consider making a video showing
No, I'm not going to show either.
has a lot of play in goal because it can also
search suffocate her skateboarding game
that appears a lot of game but the best that
I consider it is the this show skate
mod and e game link on google
ask and in the description to whoever you want
just do not know how it 's there where I'm going to give
a tip that mainly for this
mold others I'm not yes but that
specific is when you are in the
you do not have to have game installed
If you have game uninstall the game
down the modcom link leave the
registration and I advise to you by
to buy is to encourage the
and to grow and to all more games but
you want to download a moving template
in the description and you will install the
templates on which the game is installed
then you have to download the clear mold
and off the internet you can not
install with the internet on because
otherwise you'd feel like you had
installing the normal game without the
benefits is that the money that is
skate customization this other clue
finally
and that's just the game, there you are.
mold
which is the game already with the money for more
and I do not know
good, that's ok, people, if you like
video comment god i read ke and help
promoting our video and
mainly subscribe to the channel for
receive our updates and then
I ask these folks if you like it
Sorry, that 's it, we're always more
videos our there a hug valeu kalou